Update manifest-sources-for-serverless-lambda.md (#6344)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/serverless/manifest-sources-for-serverless-lambda.md

4. **File/Folder Path**: Enter the path from the root of the bucket to the `serverless.yml` file.

:::info
Harness supports `.zip` files only. Harness expects that you keep the Serverless manifest files zipped inside a folder for Serverless V1, and at root for Serverless V2. 
:::

> 

Reviewer: serverless

Author: Keeping it Serverless for consistency

> Harness supports `.zip` files only. For users using Serverless V1, Harness will automatically decompress the file and save it to a folder when it is pulled from the bucket. Users using the containerized version of Serverless, i.e., Serverless V2, must decompress the `serverless.yml` and other files at the root level.

Reviewer 2: Harness expects the serverless manifest files to be zipped inside the folder for Serverless V1

For Serverless V2, serverless manifest files should be at the root and not zipped inside a folder

> Harness supports `.zip` files only. For users using Serverless V1, Harness will automatically decompress the file and save it to a folder when it is pulled from the bucket. Users using the containerized version of Serverless, i.e., Serverless V2, must decompress the `serverless.yml` and other files at the root level.

Author: ```suggestion
Harness supports `.zip` files only. Harness expects that you keep the Serverless manifest files to be zipped inside a folder for Serverless V1, and keep the files at root for Serverless V2. 
```
